My name is Jillian Kim.
I'm a Senior Data Engineer at Williams Sonoma.
Previously, I worked at Samsung, Spongecell, Change Healthcare.
Mostly I've been building data pipelines that handle
batch or stream processing of incoming datas.
I am currently using structured streaming at my job to ingest multiple streams of data,
for example, Kafka or RabbitMQ.
I've also used AWS Kinesis,
which is another popular one.
I use these streaming applications to ingest multiple streams of
data and to produce some output that is meaningful to the business.
Well, it's important because now everything is
data centric and a lot of the data is streaming data set.
So it is important for you to learn these skills so that you can
stay competitive as a data engineer in the job market.
We will primarily focus on using Spark structured streaming,
but you can also apply the concept of streaming as well in using other libraries.
Mostly you'll be learning about the concept of
streaming on top of using Spark structured streaming,
and you will also learn how to integrate one of the most popular streaming format,
which is Kafka, into your structure streaming application.
You will have the skill set to apply to a data engineering job that focuses
on building data pipeline that builds a streaming application.
The hiring managers look for if you can write a good software,
on top of if you have understanding of how to build a data pipeline in general.
They will also look for if you can write
a scalable code and if you can troubleshoot streaming applications,
or just in general, if you can troubleshoot,
and also data warehousing skills.